sci-fi geeks surely know this
but I don't know how widespread
it is in the rest of the
population that the second
installment of the Back to the
Future trilogy there's a scene
that takes place in the future
on October 21st way in the year
2015 well that's right now
that's now and so you get to see
the creativity of the futurists
of 1989 imagining the future
that Marty McFly walks into of
course they have flying cars
which i think we'll never have
but perhaps more intriguing than
even the flying car is the
flying skateboard that idea a
triggered engineers to try to
create something like a
hoverboard I think science
fiction at its best
will have such a tantalizing
idea that's just out of reach of
your technology that you will
stimulate research of people who
want to create that future that
had just been imagined what
futurist tend to get wrong is
they see what is going on around
them and in their extrapolation
they just want to trump up what
that is
imagining the just more of it in
the future nineteen eighties fax
machines were did everybody had
a fax machine want to send a
document to me here's back sit
well with faxes be in the future
well in your home you wouldn't
have just one fax machine you
have three and so Marty gets
fired from his job and he's
notified by his boss with Max is
that come out of all the fax
machines of US homes free fax
machines is not three times
better than one fax machine and
today nobody has a fax machine
that was before most people had
email and before the concept of
an attachment was perfected
predictions 10 to focus on
extrapolating from what is
rather than imagining what could
come in out of a field perhaps
the most impossible prediction
they made was Cubs sweet the
World Series have not won the
World Series since 1908
so we'll see right now as of
this recording the Cubs have
entered the playoffs will see as
the prophecy of Back to the
Future two is fulfilled